Basically, here's a, um, like our problem that we're attacking is being able to set up your kids for success. Okay, financially. And there's a lot of different counts to do. So we're kind of like just walking, um, you through like your different opportunities, how much you should contribute monthly. This is very MVP. But yeah. So here's the site. Sweet. Let me know, or I guess right now, uh, there's a form I can just ask the questions directly. Okay. Wait, is it...? Maybe it's here. Yeah, where are your friends? Hey, AI doesn't provide any real value. It's just like... Just makes you faster. So when your child was born, how prepared did you feel financially? One through five. I don't know how open AI is. Yeah, like what? Why how were they where is their mind? I mean, they like barely any revenue. Is this, as in like, we had the money to provide for our child? I guess it's like, I guess the question's like, did you fulfill, did you feel like your child was, um, set up financially for success in the future? In the future, um... But, like, that's just horrible when they go down. You can even, you don't have to do it one through five. pocket elbow. So, like, yeah, they're gonna take a hit. As far as right now is concerned, we weren't struggling or anything, but I don't have any knowledge on, like, saving plans or anything like that to set them up in the future. So as far as that's concerned, like zero. Okay. But as far as our financial situation right now, like, you're fine. Yeah, get it. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So does that mean you haven't set up any of these for your child? None of it. Okay. Oh, what's the main reason? Oh, oh, I think we did this. And a legal guardian in the world. Okay, there you go. Okay, um, if you haven't set up one or more of those with the main reason, I don't know where to start. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Really? I've heard all of these things, but I have no idea where to go, how to set it up. If we should do it right now, if we should wait or anything. Yeah, perfect. Um, yeah, for this one. How much is stress you that you might not be setting up your child financially the way you should be? Um... I don't have money to invest. You and McKenzie are rich when I was in your basement? Like, all the time. I'm worried about, like, a five, because I'm all the time I'm worried about, like, mostly, am I gonna be able to have a job to provide for my family and in turn? That goes with, will I make enough money where we can set aside money to help them? Okay, you got it in the future. So very stressed. Maybe four, four? Yeah. Um, if you saw this message, $50 a month saving your child's birth equals 21,000 by the age 18. Every month, he waits costs... 116. How would you react? I don't want to start doing it, 'cause $50 a month. is, like, kind of significant, but, like, very doable right now, and that sounds great. Okay. Yeah. And then... Do you have any trust issues with, like, an app that could set up, um, your child's financial success? Um... As in, it's setting it up or it's guiding me how to set it. Kind of gotting you. I think I, if it was like giving me tips on these or things that you could do and here's how you do it. I would trust that. Okay.. Um, perfect. Okay, so this is our, like, MVP. Oops. This is our MVP. Can you just walk through and talk me through what you're thinking? It's pretty sure. Yeah. So, they're born last year. at the very end of the year. September. Um... So I contributed 50, What if I, like, when I start making more money? Loving some leverage. This is how I, this is how I feel. I go, like, Andre. by Andrew. How much does that change? 18 is 43,000? Or what? About... 50 is... I think it's exactly half. Exactly, yes? Mm hmm. Okay. 'Cause it's just two of those. It was 50 a month, you know? Got it. Okay. So this is... No. Oh, wait, so is this just doing, like, I'm not gaining interest on it? No, you are at 7%. Oh okay. So, like, the 1st year you'd put in $600. Yeah. And then what does it say after your water? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so you get, like, $20. Yeah, okay. Oh, no, you get a V. But like, how hard is it to get like a? And then couldn't shouldn't it be more if I put in double the amount of money? Oh, this year, so I can get a three. What were your names on application, right? graduate? I guess I just don't know financial calculations well enough. If you put in the set amount, at the same time, and it's just doubled at the same time. then it would be the double amount at the end. But if you put, like, more money in the beginning, so it can calm down more, then it would be a lot more influential. Got it. Okay. Did you make this? Yeah, this is for $5.90 class. Oh, I do mine, actually. This is where I got the idea. Yeah, I'm interested in what other things. Yeah, click, yeah, click setup for free. And there's like 2 questions. Can you just throw that? So that's kind of like the pitch part of... Okay, it'll get you excited, this is how much you can save for your child, and then you... Could you draw back? And then this is where it, like, starts walking you through the plan. Okay. Good news. I think it's, like, super proud upon. Micah did though? Because Mike is probably gonna go to Harvard, so Wait, Erin, I'm interested. Would you like, would you pay for this? Would I pay for it? Right now, I wouldn't pay for it. No, at this point in my life, because I think one, I wouldn't pay for many things right now. Many apps, like any app or website and things, like, I pay for as little as possible, because we have family and stuff, like, that supports us in different apps that need subscriptions, like, streaming sites. I don't pay for any streaming sites because we have family that lets us use those. And then also, I have family that I trust that I can talk to about how they're setting up their kids and what they're doing, things like that. And I trust their, um, like their perspective a lot. So, yeah. If I if I could use it for a little bit and I'm like, okay, this is super helpful. This is nice that I could talk to this rather than talking to my family. And I'm like, this is giving me useful information that my family can't, or like the internet can't very easily. Then maybe I would after like a free trial, but realistically, probably not. I would. Good to know. Sorry, Saute hates me. That was... Also right here. I'd be skeptical giving... my child's social security. One thing is if you click this, it just takes you directly to like the Utah official. Oh okay. So that'd be cool. Like, it's just guiding me like, okay, this is where you need to go. Okay. Nice. But yeah, that's a good point. I like that. All right, you just go through, and then, like, you'll click through a couple more, and it's the same idea. Takes you to a site. Got it. Okay, that's kind of cool. All right. Thanks for the sight. It would be nice if, I think even once I go to these sites, sometimes, there's just so much going on in them. And I'm like, I don't even know what applies to me and what doesn't. And there's so many questions. Might be nice if there's like some videos that show me like, hey, here's what you're looking at or something. Like, maybe I could set up, like, my current situation at the beginning kind of thing. Like, and it could be more guided towards me. Because my situation right now of being a college student, I think it's much different than my situation. With one young kid would be much different than my situation. When I have a full-time job, graduated from college and with multiple kids. Yeah. Yeah. a good point. That's like, in my perspective, I know there's like 150 series. And your child doesn't authorized you right now. Okay. So the same thing. That's basically it. So, like, I would believe if you want to get in, you'll get it. You woke up today. I do like it. Like that's nice that it walks me through it. Has this to-do date? I woke up with it and then I went back. Yeah. I think my current situation, the thought of... I have no time to do that. Paying for a thing that would tell me where to put my money is would be tough to do, since I have resources at my disposal. I just haven't used them yet. And so my concern is, I haven't used those resources yet, so I don't want to pay for this thing because I'll probably not use this resource. Because I have trusted resources already. If this was free, would you...? I tried it out. What would you want for it to have? No, I woke up. Um... and then I going back to sleep. until And class of eight. Yeah. Who's free? I think this right here is super, like if this was a free thing that I could hop on and use, I think this is super useful. Seeing like, okay, check out this. I think maybe I... Wait, let me see. Would you want me to go back to it? I have got no idea. Okay. Would you want more education on, like, uh, like the actual accounts you're putting setting up? You mentioned YouTube videos. Yeah, it would be nice if I knew like, why do, because I feel like there's so many accounts out there, so it'd be nice to know what are the pros and cons of each account? and why I would choose one. Rather than just doing like all of it, because like I said, like I'm in college right now, so I can't just do all of it at this point. Like I don't have money to just put it in every single account ever. And I don't know if that's even the most beneficial thing. So it'd be nice if there was some education on, like, pros and cons of each account and, like, how much is recommended based? Maybe based on like how much money I'm making and like my current financial standings, like how much money we have in savings, how much we're making every year, how much I'm spending like on school and stuff. Yeah, give more background. Yeah. So, yeah, just like, yeah. That's my thoughts. Good.